README.md, before:

This repository will hold most of the relevant files used for boosted trees. I may remove the test notebooks in the near future as they may not be able to run logically from beginning till the end - I have only used small sections of them to test code etc. and it might be wise to remove them to avoid confusions.

Here's the link to [boosted trees](https://jhylin.github.io/Data_in_life_blog/posts/19_ML2-3_Boosted_trees/1_adaboost_xgb.html) which will make more sense than the Jupyter notebook version (some Quarto-specific layout formatting code in it, and apologies with the massive SMILES output in the print(X) cell... it won't look like this in the HTML webpage). 

For other work on tree models:
1. [Decision tree](https://jhylin.github.io/Data_in_life_blog/posts/16_ML2-1_Decision_tree/1_data_col_prep.html) (this is only the 1st post, with links provided at the beginning of the post that'll lead to 2nd and 3rd posts)
2. [Random forest (regressor)](https://jhylin.github.io/Data_in_life_blog/posts/17_ML2-2_Random_forest/1_random_forest.html)
3. [Random forest classifier](https://jhylin.github.io/Data_in_life_blog/posts/17_ML2-2_Random_forest/2_random_forest_classifier.html)

Commit message:

Added updated .qmd file for post, updated README.md & reference.bib

README.md, after:

This repository will hold most of the relevant files used for boosted trees. I've decided to keep the test notebooks (filenames ending with ...test_v1/v2/v3) - just to show that I've used small sections of them to test code etc. before finally reaching the final version.

Here's the link to [boosted trees](https://jhylin.github.io/Data_in_life_blog/posts/19_ML2-3_Boosted_trees/1_adaboost_xgb.html) post (updated on 30th Jan 2025 to add a safe inference feature to deal with invalid SMILES in Scikit-mol along with its preprint reference added). The HTML post version will make more sense than the Jupyter notebook version (some Quarto-specific layout formatting code in it, and apologies with the massive SMILES output in the print(X) cell... it won't look like this in the HTML webpage). 

For other work on tree models:
1. [Decision tree](https://jhylin.github.io/Data_in_life_blog/posts/16_ML2-1_Decision_tree/1_data_col_prep.html) (this is only the 1st post, with links provided at the beginning of the post that'll lead to 2nd and 3rd posts)
2. [Random forest (regressor)](https://jhylin.github.io/Data_in_life_blog/posts/17_ML2-2_Random_forest/1_random_forest.html)
3. [Random forest classifier](https://jhylin.github.io/Data_in_life_blog/posts/17_ML2-2_Random_forest/2_random_forest_classifier.html)
